# computools-test-task
## Install & Run
1. Install dependencies from `requirements.txt` (You may use venv)
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
2. Set up environment variables, or edit `debug.env` - variables from here dont overwrite system's
3. Run
```bash
fastapi run
```
## Quality tools
Project is set up for `VScode` with extensions:
 * `Black` formatter
 * `Pylance`

Needed config is located in `/.vscode/settings.json`

## Assignment
🤔 Let's say the application is called: 'SuperBenchmark'.

👔 Create a FastAPI application to manage and query benchmarking results for a Large Language Model (LLM). The application should support the following endpoints:

HTTP GET /results/average - Returns the average performance statistics across all benchmarking results.

HTTP GET /results/average/{start_time}/{end_time} - Returns the average performance statistics for benchmarking results within a specified time window.

⚠️ Each benchmarking result should contain the following data fields:
request_id: Unique identifier for the benchmarking request.
prompt_text: The input prompt text used for the LLM.
generated_text: The output text generated by the LLM.
token_count: The number of tokens in the generated text.
time_to_first_token: The time taken to generate the first token (in milliseconds).
time_per_output_token: The average time per output token (in milliseconds).
total_generation_time: The total time to generate the response (in milliseconds).
timestamp: The timestamp when the benchmarking result was recorded.


🏗️ About the project setup:

- Code quality tools (linting, formatting, type checking) must be adjusted for the project (select any tools you want to).
- Project must be published to the GitHub.
- The application must have a ``DEBUG`` mode that allows us to get this data .directly from the ``test_database.json`` file which mimics the database (you can decide how the data will be stored by yourself).
- Project ``DEBUG`` mode must be configurable from ``SUPERBENCHMARK_DEBUG`` environment variable.
- if ``DEBUG`` is ``False`` - raise that the feature is not ready for live yet.
